Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ [ Woman Vocalizing ]
[ Woman Narrating ]
Grandmother's house.
Though it's been many years
since I last saw it.
I'll always remember that
even my first impression...
was one of fear and wonder.
My childhood was
soon to be lost.
my innocence shattered.
and all our dreams destroyed...
by what we would find within.
♪ [ Vocalizing Continues ]
My Mother and Father were
the center of my universe...
when I was young.
and I always wanted to grow up
to be just like mom.
The whole family
was really close.
I still remember...
how we'd greet dad
when he came home from
one of his many business trips.
He's home!
Get Cory and Carrie.
Yeah.
Come on. guys!
Hurry up!
[ Girl ]
Hurry!  Come on!
Daddy!
Come on. Carrie.
Get behind the couch.
Get down.  Get down.
get down. get down.
[ All ]
Daddy!  Dad!
Yeah.  Yeah!
How you doin'?
[ Woman Narrating ]
He loved us all.
but dad never let me forget...
that I was his favorite.
[ Knock at Door ]
I was afraid the others
might be jealous.
so I had to wait
until they all went to bed.
But you give me
so much.
Shh.
Just tell me
what you think.
♪
And you see?
It's a jewel box
as well.
The moment I saw that box.
I knew you had to have it.
Oh!
Mother. how should I
arrange the candles?
I can have six rows of six
or three rows of 12.
Or just one big circle
of 36 all around the cake.
What happened to two lines
of 18?  Couldn't you
figure that one out?
We want to taste
daddy's cake!
icing.
And lick the bowl!
And the spoon too!
Don't you look handsome
and pretty?  But we have
to wait until we sing...
"Happy Birthday" to daddy
before we eat the cake.
Can't we even have an
eensy-teensy little bite?
Yeah!
And give dad a cake
that looks like a mouse
has been nibbling at it?
I've decided I'm gonna
do six rows of six.
It's daddy!
Cathy. dad's here!
Come on out!
Get down.  Hurry.
Get down here.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
No-o-o-o!
[ Narrating ]
When dad died.
Mother's grief overwhelmed her.
We had to sell
everything we owned
just to survive.
And when that money ran out.
they took our house.
We were forced to leave
the place where we all grew up.
where all our
happy memories were.
the only home
I'd ever known.
Mother said there was only
one place left to go.
How come you never
took us to meet
the grandparents before?
I suppose because we were
never penniless before.
Years and years ago.
I did something that
angered your Grandfather.
His punishment was
to disinherit me.
Then why are we
going there now?
If they won't give us
any money?
Because he will.
Your Grandfather
is dying.
He's not expected
to live much longer.
But in that time.
I'm going to win back
his love.
And then. darlings.
I'll be the heiress
to a fortune beyond
your imaginations.
And through me.
every dream you've ever had
will come true.
Mother should have prepared us
for something like this.
What do you mean?
She never allowed us
to have a dog or a kitten.
What that's got to do
with anything?
Because pets die.
Christopher.
And if we had had a pet
and it had died. we would have
learned something about that.
About what?
About death?
Yes. death.
Death.
She should have told us.
Somebody should have told us...
that fathers die too.
They die. Christopher.
Even if they're young
and they're handsome
and we need them.
I don't want to be here.
Christopher.
I don't want to go
to the grandparents' house.
I could care less
about being rich...
and having all
my dreams come true.
All I want
is to be at home...
and just stay at home
where daddy's memory is.
[ Cory ]
I don't want to walk at night.
It's scary.
[ Cathy ]
Why didn't they send
a car for us.
[ Dogs Barking ]
Witches in there. mama.
Witches and monsters.
Good morning. John.
Children.
this is John.
He's been with
your grandparents for--
well. as long
as I can remember.
This is Christopher
and Cathy...
and the twins.
Cory and Carrie.
Very nice
to meet you. John.
Hello. Mother.
Leave all the bags
with John. Corrine.
and bring the children
upstairs.
Let's get ready
for bed. children.
Stay tonight. mama.
It's only 6:00
in the morning.
sweetheart.
Mama's got to take
a little nap herself.
With us?
The boys will sleep
in one bed. Corrine.
the girls in the other.
But I want to sleep
with Cory. mama.
Stop your whimpering.
young lady. and listen to me.
As long as you're in this house.
you will abide by my rules.
You will not yell..
or cry...
or run about.
And when your Mother and I
leave this room. we will
lock this door behind us.
Mother. please.
they're children.
You can't expect me to--
What I expect.
Corrine.
is that they will do
precisely as I've instructed.
Listen to mom.
all of you.
Behave and obey
your Grandmother...
and never ever give her
any reason.
any reason at all.
to punish you.
Please?
Please do this.
Make them obey.
Make it seem like a game.
like a wonderful adventure.
Why are you crying.
Mother?
I'll come back
this afternoon.
[ Sobbing ]
Don't worry
about us. mom.
We'll be fine.
[ Door Locks ]
It won't be so bad.
That Grandmother--
she can't possibly be
as mean as she seems.
Remember.
God sees everything.
God will see
whatever evil you do
behind my back.
and he will punish you
for it.
Do you know why
your Mother has come home?
Yes.  To win back
her Father's love....
so he'll make her
part of his will again.
And why was she stricken
from that will?
Did she tell you that?
I have to go
to the bathroom.
Be silent.
Learn control.
And never. never speak
unless I ask you a question.
He's just
a little boy--
What did I just say?
Your Mother has come home
after 17 years...
to repent for her sins
and for her crimes--
not only against
your Grandfather and me...
but against God.
Your Mother's marriage
was unholy.
a sacrilege.
an abomination
in the eyes of the lord.
She did not fall from grace.
She leapt...
into the arms of a man
whose veins...
pulsed with the same
blood as hers.
Not a stranger.
but her own uncle.
And you.
the children.
are the devil's spawn.
Evil from the moment
of conception.
I'm getting
my Mother!
Come back here!
[ Screams ]
Come back here.
Sit down.
And don't move again
until I leave.
There is
one other matter.
Your Grandfather will not
be told that you are here.
He will never be told.
He has no idea
that you even exist--
any of you.
No idea that you
were ever born.
As long as he lives--
and I swear this to you--
I will spare him that
final agony of shame.
[ Door Locking ]
I don't like it
here. Cathy.
I wanna go home.
[ Whip Cracks ]
[ Door Unlocking ]
Mama!
Where have you been. mama?
Where have you been?
[ Children Chattering ]
Oh. mama's here.
Mama's here.
What's wrong. mom?
What happened to you?
Corrine!
You will stop those
children's screaming...
this very moment!
[ Screaming ]
- No!  Devil!
- [ Screaming Continues ]
Mama. make her stop!
Corrine.
control your children...
or I'll whip them
till the blood runs
from their backs!
Your children are
spoiled and indulged...
and need lessons
in obedience.
No child that lives
under this roof...
will disobey...
or scream.
or show defiance.
Do you hear me?
Do you?
Now. remove
your blouse. daughter.
and show them how punishment
is given in this house.
If you're cruel
to my children.
I'll take them away tonight.
Take them. Corrine.
Take them now!
Do you think I care?
[ Laughing ]
Take off the blouse.
Corrine.
Take it off.
Now. look closely.
children.
Seventeen lashes.
One for each year
she lived in sin
with your Father.
So that you
understand me now.
I will give you
food and shelter.
but never kindness
or love.
For it is impossible to feel
anything but disgust...
for what is not
wholesome.
It's better.
If I had some antiseptic--
[ Chuckles ]
My young doctor.
The years of happiness
I had with your Father...
are worth
a hundred whippings.
The things that Grandmother
said to us. Mother.
they are
ugly things.
They hurt you. mom.
I hate them
for that.
The worst is over.
Beginning tomorrow.
I'm going to start to
win back my Father's love.
If you help me.
if all of you help me--
by doing what I ask.
by being good--
I'll succeed.
[ Whispering. Indistinct ]
The closet on the right
has a secret panel.
Look for it tomorrow morning.
If you push on it gently.
it'll open.
You'll see
a narrow stairway.
Up the stairs
is an attic.
an attic so big...
you could easily
get lost in it.
Make it a playground
for the twins.
Make it--
Make it your
special place.
[ Door Locks ]
Do you need
to use the bathroom?
No.
Not even to
brush your teeth?
I don't feel like it
tonight.
What do you think about
all that talk?
Uncles marrying nieces?
Maybe having kids
with thorns and tails?
You're the future doctor.
What do you think?
Could it really happen?
You sure can't
prove it by us.
- What are you thinking?
- About mom.
How different she's become
since daddy died.
She hasn't been different.
Just sad.
We're sad. too. Christopher.
It hasn't changed
who we are.
What if
the Grandmother comes in
before we wake up...
and sees us in
the same bed?
Then we'll sic Cory on her.
He can bite her other leg.
She doesn't scare you?
Nobody scares me.
Anyway. we used to sleep
in the same bed all the time.
[ Sighs ]
I've listed the rules
you're to follow...
as long as you live
in my house.
Read them carefully
and put them to memory.
Grab some food.
We don't want to starve
up there.
Let's go find
those stairs.
I found it.
What do you see.
Christopher?
Nothing to see
from here.
Just some stairs.
Is everybody ready
to go up?
[ Door Opens ]
[ Grandmother ]
Not yet.
Your Mother was given
permission to tell you
about the attic.
But let me
remind you again.
You must never be seen.
My God.
[ Narrating ]
Grandmother's rules
weren't rules.
they were cruel punishments.
We were trapped.
and the only way we could
even feel the sunlight...
was to look out
a barred window.
Our Mother must've been
desperate to have come back.
We were all going to
pay the price.
♪ [ Piano ]
[ Narrating ]
As the weeks became months.
our memories of our real home
began to fade.
But we clung to our dreams.
Chris wanted to go
to medical school someday.
and I wanted to be
a dancer.
We tried to act
like a family.
It was the only way
we could survive.
Mother's visits became
fewer and fewer.
and then stopped altogether.
We imagined that something
horrible had happened to her.
Or had we been forgotten?
There seemed to be
no way to escape.
but soon. very soon.
we'd have to find a way
past Grandmother...
to find and to help Mother
if we could.
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
Do you think
it's a good snail?
I think
it's a wonderful snail.
It's very beautiful.
It doesn't look
like an orange?
Not in the very least.
And I've never seen
an orange with feelers.
Have you?
[ Christopher ]
Antennae. Cathy.
Not feelers.
Snails are members
of the family of Mollusks--
Soft bodies.
no backbones.
And tubular intestines
that end with their mouths.
Dear Dr. Christopher.
When Cory and I want
to hear...
about a snail's guts.
then we will...
[ Chuckles ]
send you a telegram
or something. thank you.
When do we get
to go outside?
As soon as mom
says we can.
But mama doesn't
come anymore.
If we could go outside.
we'd have real flowers
and real grass.
And real snails.
God's taken
all the grass to heaven.
Why?
For daddy.
Remember how he used to mow
the lawn all the time?
Why do we have to stay
upstairs all the time?
'Cause downstairs
has gone away.
That's not true. Cory.
Mama doesn't like us
anymore.
Stop it. you two.
I itch.
Mama's being mean.
We want a TV.
We want our ice cream.
We want to play
with our friends.
We want to go
outside.
Don't you want to go to school?
No!
Look at me.
Look at me. all of you.
The bible says there's
a time for everything.
A time to be born.
A time to plant.
A time to harvest.
Probably a time
to have ice cream too.
This is our time
to sacrifice.
For mom.
Later on. we'll have
plenty of time...
to live and enjoy.
[ Knocking ]
Cathy?
Can I come in?
Close the door
so we won't wake the twins.
Something could've
happened to mom.
Maybe she's sick.
Mom's always been
healthy as a horse.
Well. where's she been
all this time?
Why'd she stop
coming to see us?
And I had
another thought.
A terrible thought.
What?
What if they've
locked her up somewhere
in this huge house?
Just like
they've locked us up.
Why would they want
to do that?
To punish her.
Why do you think?
'Cause they're crazy
as loons.
Gave me a chill.
Giving myself chills
just thinking about it.
I'm sure
it's not true.
How can you be sure?
Does it matter?
We're never gonna know
until she comes
to see us again.
Oh. yeah?
What's that
supposed to mean?
I've got a plan.
Christopher. what are
you thinking of doing?
Don't worry about it.
Christopher!
Shh.  You don't want
to wake the twins.
Carrie. you're
in the wrong bed.
I want to sleep
with Cory tonight.
[ Unlocking ]
Get up!
Get out of those beds!
Don't!  Don't touch that!
No-o-o!
My Father gave that
to me!
Oh. God!
[ Sobbing ]
No-o-o!
Tell me. Christopher.
You thought of a way
out of here. haven't you?
Without the Grandfather
finding out.
I've thought about it
for weeks. Cathy.
It's the only thing
I've been thinking about.
Can it be done?
Christopher.
if Mother's here.
we have to find her.
We've got to tell her.
We will.
Tonight.
[ Christopher ]
Okay. grab the bar. Cathy.
[ Grunting ]
Okay. pull it.
Come on. pull!
Yeah.
That's it.
Grab it.
[ Grunting ]
Pull.
Pull. Cathy.
[ Thunder Crashing ]
I'm going with you.
No chance.
Yes!
All right.
But I go first.
And you don't lay one
hand on this rope till
I get all the way down.
You understand?
I understand.
Be careful.
Careful!
Oh!
What?
[ Barking ]
[ Christopher ]
My God.
Get out of here!
Quick!
Come on!
[ Barking Continues ]
[ Screaming ]
Christopher!
Cathy!
Come on. Christopher!
Come on!
Throw the rope!
I can catch it!
Christopher. you can make it!
Just climb!
Come on. Christopher!
Ah!
[ Door Unlocking ]
Mama?
Shh.
Mama!  Mama!
Mama!
Oh!
Christopher made me
a swing. mama.
And we made a garden
of paper flowers.
Here!
And Cathy has them pasted
up right near the window!
You've been wonderful with them.
Look how happy they are.
Happy to see you. mama.
but not happy to be here.
You haven't been to see us
in so long. mom.
We were worried
about you.
Is that why you tried
to run away?
Is it?
Answer me.
We weren't trying
to run away. Mother.
We were trying to find you.
Didn't it occur to you
you could've ruin my plan?
Our plan?
Don't you understand?
I told you.
My Father--
The twins aren't
healthy. Mother.
They need to be outside
in the fresh air
and the sun.
They need to be
with their friends.
They need plenty of room
to run around. and they
need to be in school.
All right.
I'll leave it up to you.
We can pack our things
and leave today--
Yes!
Or we can wait a little longer
until the reading of the will.
Grandfather's dying?
The doctors say
he won't live out the month.
If we leave now.
we have nothing.
Nowhere to go.
If we stay. we-- we'll have
more than we could
ever want-- forever.
We love you. mom.
Whatever
you think's best.
That's what we'll do.
Cathy. you have a say
in this too.
I think I'd better
check on the twins.
We'll be all right.
mom.
If it's just
a little longer.
we'll be all right.
Don't worry.
I've got him!
I got him!
Christopher!
I've got a pet!
"I hate vain thoughts.
but thy law do I love.
Thou art my hiding place
and my shield."
Christopher.
come and look
what happened.
Why did you put up
more bars?
[ Narrating ]  I knew Chris
would have second thoughts
about agreeing with Mother.
I found a way to escape.
even if it was only...
to a hot bath
and my fantasies--
Fantasies of a life
filled with dancing.
friends.
and maybe even romance.
Fantasies that might
never come true.
[ Knocking ]
Cathy?
Yes?
- Can I come in and talk?
- What is it?
You're not mad at me
for siding with mom. are you?
No. but why do you always
have to agree with her?
Sinners!
Christopher!
What have we done
to be called sinners?
Do you expect us to live
in one room. week after week.
and not see each other?
You put us here.
You-you locked us in.
You want to catch us
doing something
you can call evil.
Look at you
in your black dress...
and your fancy jewels
and your pinched face.
We're not afraid of you.
We laugh at you.
Do you hear that?  We laugh.
Get out!  Out!
[ Locks Door ]
Mom won't let her do
anything to hurt us. Cathy.
We have to barricade
the door.
or we'll hide in the attic.
She won't come up there.
I'm so scared. Christopher.
We'll be all right.
Mom'll make sure of that.
So will I.
Cory?
What is it?
What's wrong?
Cory's gone.
Cory?
[ Cathy ]
Cory!  Where are you?
Cory!  Cory!
Cory!
Fred's gone.
Look. you guys go that way.
Cory!
Cory!              Cory!
Cory!  Cory!
Cory?
Cory!
He's here.
Cory. wake up!
Wake up. honey!
Come on!
Fred got out.
I had to catch him
again.
Where is Fred?
He's right here.
Guess we'd better keep
Fred downstairs. huh?
Ohh.
Cathy!
Cathy.  Cathy!
Open the door!
Cathy!  Come on.
Open the door.
Cathy!
[ Pounding on Door ]
You are a sinner.
Open the door!
Come on. open the door!
What's going on?
Cathy!
[ Pounding Continues ]
[ Door Unlocks ]
[ Sobbing ]
[ Cathy ]
Why is Mother
doing this to us?
Mom doesn't know
what happened.
I'm sure of it.
Why doesn't she come back?
She'll come. Cathy.
Soon.
You'll see.
Why didn't the Grandmother
bring our food today?
She's just coming late.
that's all.
Maybe there is
no more food.
Maybe they ran out.
I'm not hungry anyway.
She'll be here.
Oh!
[ Giggles ]
Good evening.
Mr. Winslow.
[ Narrating ]
Starved for both
sunlight and food.
our faces became pale
and our bodies thin.
When Grandmother stopped
feeding us.
little Cory became
very sick.
and every day. we watched him
become weaker and weaker.
Move him over.
What are you doing?
Hold his head up.
Why?
What are you gonna do?
Just do what I say.
I figured
another way out.
I'm gonna try it
tonight.
If you want to go with me.
all the better.
If not.
I'll go by myself.
Check that door.
Cathy--
It's Mother's.
This is Mother's room.
[ Sobs ]
Come on.
We can't stay here.
Look.
there's an explanation
for all this. Cathy.
As soon as we find mom.
we'll ask.
[ Exhales ]
And she'll tell us.
Come on.
We've gotta keep looking.
Let's go that way.
It's him.
He's dead.
Christopher.
What if he sees us?
How can he see us
if he's dead?
[ Screaming ]
I always thought
you were the best. Corrine.
[ Screams ]
Here!
Do you love her
as much as you used to?
Don't ask stupid questions.
Wherever she is tonight.
she's thinkin' of us...
and she'll be comin' back.
And when she does
this will all make sense.
The twins are sick.
Christopher.
They'll be all right.
Chris!
No!  I don't want
to talk about it anymore.
That crazy. sick old man is not
gonna live forever. Cathy.
You could see that tonight.
He didn't even know
who we were.
Who you were.
Did you forget
why we came here
in the first place?
All the money in the world
isn't worth the living
that we've lost.
Well. maybe not for you.
but without some of it.
mom doesn't have a thing.
She has us if she cares!
Let's just take the twins
and run away. Christopher.
We'll find a way out.
but let's do it now
before it's too late.
And then what do we do?
What do I do
for the four of us
to keep us alive?
Don't you even doubt her
in the least?
Can't you see how different
she's become?
Can't you see
what wanting all that money
is doing to her?
I can't stop
seeing that bed.
It's Mother. Cathy.
What do you
want me to say?
Just the truth.
that's all.
[ Whimpering ]
Cory?
I have to throw up. Cathy.
[ Thunder Crashing ]
[ Thunder Continues ]
[ Gasps ]
Why are you taking
the flowers away.
Carrie?
'Cause it's time.
For what?
Winter.
Do you have a headache.
Cory?
I had one yesterday.
Sore throat?
A little.
Any numbness
in your fingers
or your toes?
What's numbness?
Like when your foot
falls asleep
and you can't feel it.
Sometimes.
Let me see your hand.
What are you doing?
Just looking.
Darlings!  I'm back!
Darlings!
I'm so happy.
Cathy. your hair!
What a sensible decision.
It's lovely. sweetheart.
You're angry with me.
But you don't know
how much I've missed you.
And wait till you see
the presents I've bought you.
I wanted to tell you
I was going away. but--
But guess.
guess what's happened.
- The Grandfather's dead.
- No.
He's been taken
to the hospital?
No. I'm not happy
because he's dying.
I'm happy because
he loves me.
Don't you see?
I've done what I promised.
I've pleased him so much
he's giving me a party tonight.
A grand party
to reintroduce me
to society.
And tomorrow my Father
is having his attorney.
Bart Winslow.
a wonderful man.
write me
back into his will.
He's going to leave me
everything.
Even this house.
And what about
your children. Mother?
Does he know about them?
We know perfectly well
what he feels about that.
So what's to become of us. mom?
How much longer
do we continue
living in this prison?
- Prison?
- You come back
with gifts for us. mom.
Do you think
they can make up
for what we've lost?
Christopher...
- If you stop loving me--
- I haven't stopped
loving you. mom.
I make myself keep loving you
every day despite what you do.
- Don't say another word.
- Look at us. Mother.
Do we look like you.
with your rosy cheeks
and your bright eyes?
Look at the twins. Mother.
Cory has stomach cramps
almost every day!
And Carrie has little sores
growing on her skin!
Do you know. or even care.
that the Grandmother stopped
feeding us for over a week?
Stop it!
You have no right
to talk to me like that!
Tell me I've had pleasure
while my children
have been in pain.
You are heartless.
When you are ready
to treat me with love.
I'll be back.
[ Scraping ]
[ Scraping Continues ]
What are you doing?
I'm going downstairs.
I wanna see that party.
You going with me?
♪ [ Waltz ]
♪ [ Continues ]
Why aren't you
up and dressed?
What have I told you
about being together
in your night clothes?
Cory's sick.
He's very sick.
He needs a doctor.
[ Door Locking ]
[ Cory Gasping ]
Why are you
just standing there?
Cory needs to be taken
to a hospital.  There's
no other decision to make.
What's wrong with you.
Mother?
Are you just
gonna stand there
and think about yourself...
and your money
while Cory lies there
and dies?
Don't you care
what happens to him?
Have you forgotten
that you're his Mother?
Always it's you!
Ooh!
Cathy!
Damn you to hell mama.
if you don't take Cory
to a hospital right now!
Do you think you can go on
doing whatever you want to us...
and nobody will
ever find out?
If Cory dies. mama.
you'll pay for it.
One way or another.
I will find a way.
I promise you that.
Come in.
Take the child downstairs
and bring the car around.
My daughter is taking him
to the hospital.
Hello. John.
Don't worry. Fred.
He'll be back.
[ Shovel Digging ]
Cory had pneumonia.
The doctors did all they could.
There won't be a funeral.
He's already been buried.
No!
Something's wrong
with Fred. Christopher.
He won't wake up.
[ Christopher ]
Arsenic poisoning.
In the sugar on the cookies.
In small quantities
you can't taste it or smell it.
It doesn't leave
much of a trace. Cathy.
If they did an autopsy
they wouldn't have found it.
Unless they were
looking for it.
What do we do?
Tonight I'll go downstairs
by myself.
I'm gonna find us
some money...
or a couple of those
diamond rings
that Grandmother wears.
And then what?
Then we're gonna leave
this place. Cathy.
One way or another
we're getting out.
Whatever happens after that
will be up to us.
But whatever happens
we'll be free.
[ Door Opening ]
Do we really have to wait
until tomorrow?
Yes.
Don't know if I can.
You must.
[ Bart ]
What difference
would 12 hours make?
The difference between
one ring and two.
Damn you!
[ Thumping ]
What happened?
You found a way out?
We're leaving tomorrow.  Yeah.
Where?  A window?
No. a door.
The front door.
What?
There's gonna be another
party tomorrow.
I saw them preparing
one of the rooms.
There's probably gonna be
100 guests. maybe more.
They can't keep locking
the door. not with
that many people coming in.
[ Panting ]
What else happened tonight.
Christopher?
What else did you see?
I mean. you told me
that it's us against them.
We're on our own.
Don't lie to me.
Christopher.
It's not just a party. Cathy.
It's a wedding party.
Mom's getting married
to that man tomorrow.
Aah!
[ Grunting ]
[ Cathy ]
No. Chris!
[ Panting ]
Aah!
We're very excited
to be here today.
Congratulations.
[ Carrie ]
I'm scared. Christopher.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Nobody's gonna hurt us anymore.
This way.
No. Chris.
They're not gonna get away
with this.  We gotta go tell
our Grandfather the truth.
What difference does it make
now?  Let's just go!
No!
Mother's not getting
that money. not after
the way she treated us.
Now. come on.
He's gone.
He's dead. Cathy.
Yea. we can be
with mama now.
No. Carrie.
Mama lied to us.
She said she'd come and get us
after her Father died. but...
she never came.
She only cares
about herself. Carrie.
She's going to spoil
everything.
We can't wait any longer.
But your Mother--
These are her friends.
It's my wedding.
We'll start the ceremony now!
Today's April 23.
Christopher. what is it?
A copy of
the Grandfather's will.
It's two months old.
Says if it's ever proven
that mom had children
from her first marriage.
even after he's dead.
she'll be disinherited.
Mother's known all this time
that we could never be found.
She never meant for us
to leave that attic.
♪ [ "Wedding March" ]
Dearly beloved.
family and friends.
we are gathered here
on this most joyous
of occasions...
to join Corrine and Bart
in holy matrimony.
Let us pray.
Heavenly Father.
we read in Genesis
the creation story.
You said it was not good
for man to be alone.
so you created woman
and thus gave your blessing
to the union of holy matrimony.
Look now upon
Bart and Corrine...
and pour out
your grace upon them.
Give them the strength
and peace to honor the vows
they make before you today.
We pray that.
in your loving kindness.
you would bless their home
by filling it with the sounds...
of happy. healthy children.
In the name
of Christ. amen.
Mother!
Do you like my dress?
I thought it was appropriate
for the occasion.
Who are you?
How did you get in here?
Have you forgotten us
already?
Mama?
- Who are you children?
- We're the children
of the bride.
Nonsense.  You know
I don't have any children.
Get them out of here.
I'll not have
my wedding day ruined
by a cruel. evil prank.
You're the one who's
cruel and evil. Mother.
You kept us locked up
in that attic...
and you said
you'd come for us
after your Father died.
You never came!
[ Christopher ]
You couldn't let anybody...
find out about us
'cause if you did
you'd be disinherited.
It's not true.
No!
What proof do they have?
- It died from eating
the same cookies Cory ate.
- Who's Cory?
He was your son
and my little brother.
And you killed him.
Just like you tried to kill us.
Look at us. Mother!
How could you
do this to us?
Here. Mother.
Our wedding present to you.
Stop it.
Go on. eat it!
Eat the cookie!
[ Grunting ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Narrator ]
We finally got our real revenge.
We managed to make it
on our own.
I got a job to help put Chris
through medical school.
Little Carrie grew up but
she was never truly healthy.
I even started dancing again.
We left the past behind.
all except the memories...
of Mother. Grandmother
and the attic.
I sometimes wonder
if Grandmother is still alive.
Still presiding over
Foxworth Hall.
Still awaiting my return.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today